                                JAVA INHERITANCE

1. Create a class with a method that prints "This is parent class" and its subclass
with another method that prints "This is child class". Now, create an object for
each of the class and call
1 - method of parent class by object of parent class
2 - method of child class by object of child class
3 - method of parent class by object of child class

2. Create a class named 'Rectangle' with two data members 'length' and
'breadth' and two methods to print the area and perimeter of the rectangle
respectively. Its constructor having parameters for length and breadth is used
to initialize length and breadth of the rectangle. Let class 'Square' inherit the
'Rectangle' class with its constructor having a parameter for its side (suppose
s) calling the constructor of its parent class as 'super(s,s)'. Print the area and
perimeter of a rectangle and a square.

3. Create a class named 'Shape' with a method to print "This is This is shape".
Then create two other classes named 'Rectangle', 'Circle' inheriting the Shape
class, both having a method to print "This is rectangular shape" and "This is
circular shape" respectively. Create a subclass 'Square' of 'Rectangle' having a
method to print "Square is a rectangle". Now call the method of 'Shape' and
'Rectangle' class by the object of 'Square' class.

4. A bank maintains two kinds of accounts – Savings account and Current
account. The savings account provides simple interest, deposit and
withdrawal facilities. The current account only provides deposit and
withdrawal facilities. Using inheritance write program for the same.

5. Create class Employee with name, id, designation, department,
salary as members. Create methods to set input values and print data.
Also create separate class for Marketing with sales incentives as member.
Create separate methods to calculate total salary for a marketing
employee.

6. International airports have 2 types of memberships for frequent flyers –
Platinum and Gold. Platinum members are allowed to use lounge and
waiting room. Gold members can access waiting room only. Analyse and
create 2 classes for each type of members – one as base and another as
derived.